maybe collaborations or community
you
hey go for a Diedrich I was just
finishing writing but I'm finished
good morning everybody guten morgen a
couple of notes from collaborations
opera reached back out the main our main
contact over an opera that was driving
that work was kind of helpful summer so
we have a conversation progress again
which is nice and looks like we will
keep things moving along there I get
that as your you are well aware now the
the arc and timeframe of browser work is
a little longer just slowly could push
this ball forward it related note the
Mozilla reached out and wanted to talk
about Lib D web also in browser LAN I
just saw something where that I think
that I the the team that was responsible
for the network or kind of like was
accountable for that work so that level
of risk that it entailed they didn't
really have the tolerance for it and the
team that seems to be responsible for it
now has a little bit more entrance
interest and also expertise in the area
are familiar with the risk and stuff
there so that that this sounds
interesting they've reached out to
scuttlebutt that us and web tour native
and are looking at ways to chip all four
in some versions somehow or allow them
to work it can release version of
Firefox this year yeah great news Arkady
and I put together a proposal for user
registry and collabs pipeline and shared
that with Molly last week and went
through first draft and maybe we should
type maybe the a few minutes in this
meeting or next week in this meeting or
maybe schedule different from meeting
for people that wants could about deepen
look into what we're gonna be doing
there really would agree to have a more
feedback from the different teams one of
the things we learned going through
their process was we interact with about
eight or nine different teams and any
given collabs work which is one of the
reasons why coordinating around it has
been an interesting challenge but this
definitely thinks that it would be great
to have those groups feedback on
maybe I'll just grab five minutes of the
meeting next week here
anything else a litel or arkady from
collapse land
you
I am since I'm here and I also am dr
eyeing or cody are eyeing the
maintenance okay are attacked with Ali
and Enric last week and we have a good
understanding of what needs to happen
there
the okay are was updated to be a little
bit more explicit around what we were
responding to and what the kind of p0
work would be for in that area so if
there are hard dependencies on things
like desktop and GUI to make sure that
we are reacting in a way that reflects
that priority yeah
Polly to clear questions one have we
tested desktop and GUI or anything like
that with the upcoming patch release
that were we're doing Google ipfs since
we have an RC out I was curious if we're
doing any like proactive testing to
identify if we're going to make any sort
of breakages and then my question on the
collaboration side was does anyone have
an update with ENS
so for the answer for the first question
I don't know but that is exactly what we
talked about is that to make sure that
they were tested in the cadence with the
core implementation releases but I don't
know whether that has actually happened
so I will take an extra two games with
it
Arkady do you have a update on eNOS
is there is there a specific thing that
you wanted out um curious about like the
status of the hub of the work on that is
progressing whether we've had any
contact with the folks who are working
on it since seeing the cool demo it ipfs
camp or just kind of any next steps from
our celebration standpoint so there's
like an open PR in go ideas for
supporting that ee th but that's about
it I don't think there's anything apart
from that did not happen since I give
has come in to give a bit more light on
that there's there's still some open
questions around TLDs versus new
protocols orthotics ah she th I saw
something or just you talk to you my
current thinking just do the deal to you
because that's what they're doing in
browsers but there are some concerns
here because like we're not getting a
clear name spacing we're like we have
like they're like this is Eve this is
why can this is us whatever
instead we're getting like I can and
then random like things within I can to
her like other systems so I think we'll
go with this for now and then trying to
find a better solution like currently
well when the community stuff I want to
jump in quickly that's cool all right
cool
so I I didn't get a lot done on the
awesome a TFS slash blog post rapid camp
last week I will do it this week was
working on some interesting stuff the
former web which the quick update we've
set up kind of the the most aggressive
chat bridging there is on the entire
internet for the community so basically
now all of our chats are bridged not
only on this court resumes to express
IRC but we also have a slack
the gram get there I think there was
another one too and everything is
bridged so I was gonna do a blog post
about that and post the unsub ready I
know it's kind of stuff just to explain
like you know when we're open we mean
it's kind of thing so anyway that's
that's coming later this week - are you
saying we can now use our all of our IRC
channels through slack as well that
sounds really cool we so for the ipfs
like yes we can
that one is not set up because I don't
have admin nor access to that one yet if
someone gives me an invite I'll set up
the bridges we can absolutely do that
so yeah just pinging on the side and now
I'll get it done
easy
the promo web slack is bridge I have a
question on sorry Ian s clap is there
any way we can get the e NS spec updated
to not say that multi-headed should be
used for content because there's a an
EIP that says that multi OSHA's must be
used for content and then we get people
coming into the multi codec proposed
saying hey I need a multi out of Kodak
ever like no actually you need this
other kind of pepper code I think we
have like goes this back and forth
figure out how they actually need huh
yep thank you
awesome cool other ipfs community
reports dietrich I think these are both
yours
yep
for having around you can't update there
I am checked to see if there are more
there if you want more details about
what that was like the details are
starting to emerge I'm also going to do
a talk at the indie web Meetup I mean
talk it's a very casual beat up they
would beat up San Francisco but I'm
gonna do a talk and a little slideshow
there about D webcam
what is them sorry one is that because I
happen one that's weak then the next one
I think is the seventh I think it's
every every two weeks okay I'll be there
then that's the that's right before the
the IP FSM you know if we have an SF
byline yeah yeah I think it's that same
week yeah yeah okay this is about do you
have do you have camp in general or our
participation in do you have camp a
little bit of both because I think there
there's some other indie web event that
happens so a lot of them weren't able to
join but then there's interest than can
be seen that indie web meetup is a place
where different decentralization
projects or DIY or self hosted or you
know data have a product start are
starting to meet up together so a little
bit of cross-pollination
gonna be there the other item I had
there was I drafted a blog post for the
q3 changes in both focus and working
group so if you have any edits please
feel free to make them or add comments
in line there thanks
awesome awesome and we still have daveed
research lots of exciting stuff
happening
I'm using your external devices time so
that these better cooks yeah so two main
things there will be a very interesting
workshop on just pure Pierce it'll be
our Information Center networking in
person and now all that in-person
workshop there will be recordings and
like artifacts and people consume the
original plan was to do it before the
web the summit in Berlin in August but
it's like you to a couple of a lability
a lot of wanted to be there and it could
be important for them to be there
it got postponed and nevertheless don't
never fear
there will be a two hour version these
Wednesday that is going to be then
truism so if you are with a lot of
appetites to know what is has been
happening in research world on prepare
for thing come listen to your yeah and
it's given a workshop in all of that I
will ask a better link to the calendar
event is like super super detailed and I
put it on a gist so that you all have
access it's here in the comments on then
yeah that's two main things then there's
like progress or like what is this
network laughs there is a continuation
of what I share with you last week
essentially we are in the process of
refining what we want to do are we about
to tackle like the challenges we have
ahead it's mostly an exercise of like
brain dumping articulating
interviewing conklin research getting
feedback playing a stamp shaping it and
starting at full speed yeah any
questions
[Music]
awesome
and last but okay how is that going to
be on the community calendar that
workshop or where would I check to find
out how random we're doing so excellent
question it's not on the community
calendar yet it just like dawn on me
that's like the workshop is this week
and it is not while we committed it to
the company yet like billy pupae team
knows about it so like when like I saw
the pump from Ollie he is like oh snap
like literally we are missing a URL here
we have anything like begin a community
calendar so I'm just like reaching out
like George owns the event I'm going to
ask him to move it and then ever meet
you the big you press on yeah yeah we
should be awesome awesome cool and last
thing I do best implementations quality
releases on schedule
so yeah yes this hasn't arcega out 0.37
good I confess is he going to stage 3 at
fence office today unless what our early
tester subjects but they've asked for a
week and they've now had a week a few
days so you are besties Holland is
working really hard on this um yeah
that's if it there another Krishna sorry
I just has to be general sir
so interrupts tests are passing now Oh
leader our test okay
they don't kiss on the release are
passing those are all done the interface
on current master not passing because we
introduced a buck
before we got the interrupts s basket so
that has been recorded and we with all
fix that but on the police theorizing
that's actually that's not a call in you
don't essentially don't welcome to open
this and we're gonna proactively ping
art early testers before we soft release
right yes I've heard of ago Oakland and
there was also a talk about doing a blog
post about our release process now that
we've updated it and we are going
through it and okay there's any
dependency for the release because I
want to cut that out sing that and so
what's our eta so that we know what sort
of support to be putting on that blog
post as soon as I can
that's all good so like before their
release so definitely this week my
question was more about the release
itself so we're aiming to release this
week release I mean the release is when
it's ready so again I want to go through
the full release process and make sure
that all hard yes we have many issues so
like that depends entirely on that cycle
communication with them but yes I would
like to release by the end of this week
the release has been stable for pages so
that doesn't reason why not to
but against the full cycle of actually
love getting everyone on board with the
release and making sure that it's fine
alright any other topics we have any
other agenda items if you wanted to talk
through anything that anyone's blocked
on once feedback on no actually I have a
small item there's a spammer that came
to the subreddit this week and asking
about let's say poster comic
not-safe-for-work content on ipfs so i
banned the person but that created a
whole debate about free speech and blah
blah blah on the chats where I was like
well look it's a deaf community and
we're trying to have like the
conversation about there you can have
these conversations elsewhere but this
is not okay right now so I added some
small rules on the subreddit of like no
piracy notes no say nothing for working
and stuff without knowing if we're
aligned they're like if if the stance of
proko is like no we can talk about
everything because we want to empower
porn site posters or whatever that i
mean could be but i'm assuming that's
not like so in part of this very public
forum our Community Guidelines apply
here so we go to things I Fest that
community I post the plume called thank
you
that does make our guidelines for when
you can make community we have a code of
conduct yeah and like this is that yeah
this is a developer community this is
like pretty much speechless I see you in
general Eric it's a thing you've got
this between you or the government as a
private company with a forget private
company as like a project yeah we have
to set rules we're like what is okay in
this community was not okay it's
community yeah totally okay well I think
we're on the same page I'll go and check
the rules make sure we're synched with
that no problem
why I see the little blurb and I think
it's generally in line but I'd recommend
we just link to the code of conduct to
be really clear that we're not having
special rules for one platform or
another we keep the same community
guidelines across all these forms yeah
sounds good and like you said yeah I
just put something because I didn't know
there was something else so I'll make
sure it's aligned anything else is fine
people's mind something that's on my
mind and is a just holding myself
accountable by telling other people
about it and there's an awesome human
who wants to come contribute on the
communication side to the ipfs project
who I need to help write a work plan up
for to make sure that we have a clear
vision of how she could help contribute
so that's a thing on my agenda for today
this is the person that's been
contributing randomly to like all the
FSR
the topless funny no yeah yeah that's
awesome a different person Oh different
person ever all right well if our topics
then everyone have a wonderful rest of
your Monday and hopefully see you very
shortly for the ipfs weekly call bye